the Israeli Army says that it's
retrieved the bodies of six hostages
from gaza's Southern District of KH Unis
in a joint operation with its internal
security agency a statement from the
hostages families Forum says that the
recovery of the bodies crucially
provides their families with necessary
closure the immediate Return of the
remaining 109 hostages can only be
achieved through a negotiated deal it
adds well this comes as the US Secretary
of State Anthony Lincoln has traveled to
Egypt as he continues to push for a
ceasefire and hostage release deal these
follow talks in Jerusalem yesterday
where Mr blinken said that Israel had
accepted what he called a bridging
proposal and he then urged Hamas to do
the same well a little earlier we were
joined by our correspondent John donison
who shared his Insight on this yes well
in a short statement from the Israeli
military and also Israel's intelligence
agency the shinb they said the six
bodies were recovered in carun in the
south of the Gaza Strip the six bodies
were yagev bab Alexander dansig avam
Munda yuram meta Heim Perry and nadav
Powell who was a British Israeli Citizen
and all apart from 79y old avam Munda
were already uh presumed to be dead it's
thought there are up to 70 hostages who
are still alive alive being held in Gaza
and in the last few moments we've had a
statement from Israel's prime minister
Benjamin netan who of course has faced
considerable criticism from some hostage
families for not doing enough to free
those who are being held and he said our
hearts grieve over this terrible loss
and this Grim news comes as there was
hope that some kind of bridging proposal
for a ceasefire deal would be taking
some form of shape Anthony blinkin the
US Secretary of State who is now in
Egypt hoping to push that forward seemed
a little bit more optimistic than
arguably Benjamin Netanyahu when it
comes to this bridging
proposal he did but I think the truth is
uh that the Americans and Anthony
blinkin are the only ones who seem to be
saying that this deal is close he said
in his statement after meeting prime
minister Netanyahu yesterday that Israel
had accepted and supported this
so-called bridging proposal to get to a
ceasefire and hostage release deal Mr
Netanyahu in his statement was far less
forthcoming he simply said it had been a
good and important meeting with Mr
blinken and Hamas for its part has also
been skeptical they of course are not
even taking part in these latest
ceasefire negotiations at the moment
they've said any uh suggestion that
there has been progress is an illusion
now as you say Mr blinkin is in Egypt
today and then later katar and he's
going to be uh getting those two
countries to continue to put pressure on
Hamas to sign up to this deal but I
think the truth is that while the
Americans might be working towards a
certain timetable I think they'd like to
get a deal done while the Democratic
Convention is taking place at the moment
and certainly before the US presidential
election in November I don't think that
the key players in the region and that
is prime minister Netanyahu and the
Hamas leader in Gaza Yaya sinoa there's
no sense really that they are working to
the same
timetable John Donis there reporting
from uh Jerusalem there Anthony blinkin
of course right now in Egypt so where as
and when we get more details we're just
monitoring the live shot there but as
and when we get more details will of
course bring that to you